# Computer-Assisted-Instruction-CAI-Tool
As computer costs declined, it becomes feasible for every student, regardless of economic circumstance, to have a computer and use it in school. This creates exciting possibilities for improving the educational experience of all the students worldwide. The use of computers in education is referred to as computer assisted instruction.  Module 1: WAP to help the school student to learn mathematical operations. Use the rand function to produce two Positive one digit integers. The program should then prompt the user with such a question as “how much is 6 * 7?” “how much is 5+4?” The student then input the answer. Next the program checks the answer. If it's correct display the message “very good” and ask another question if the answer is wrong display the message “no please try again”  Module 2: one problem in CAI environment is student fatigue this can be reduced by varying the computer's response to hold the student’s attention. Modify the program so that various comments are displayed for each answer as follows Very good! Excellent! Nice work! Keep up the good work! Possible responses to an incorrect answer No, please try again. Wrong, try once more. Don’t give up! No, keep trying! Use random number generation to choose a number from 1-4 that will be used to select one of the four appropriate responses to each correct or incorrect answer. Use a switch statement to issue the responses.  Module 3: More sophisticated computer assisted instruction systems monitor the students’ performance over a period. The decision to begin a new topic is often based on the student success with previous topics. Add a module to count the number of correct and incorrect responses type by student. After the student types 10 answers, your program should calculate the percentage that are correct. If the percentage is lower than 75%, display “ please ask your teacher for the extra help”, then reset the program so another student can try it if the percentage is 75% or higher display “congratulations you are ready to go to the next level”.  Module 4: Modify the program to enter a difficulty level at a difficulty level of 1 the program should use only single digit numbers in the problems at a difficulty level of two the number as large as two digits and so on  Module 5: Modify the program from Part 4 to allow the user to pick a type of arithmetic problem to study. An option of 1 means addition problems only, 2 means multiplication problems only, 3 means subtraction problems only, 4 means division problems only and 5 means a random mixture of all these types.
